TropoVoice is an light-weight, open-source web framework enabling developers to write GoogleVoice-like applications
using RESTful APIs. Thanks to Ruby-on-Rails and Tropo, developers can create next generation telephony applications
quickly. Under the hood, TropoVoice handles call routing/forwarding, voicemails services including transcription,
SIP/Skype support, and IM/SMS  support. Some notable differences from GoogleVoice are: open-source, API support,
and SIP/Skype support where GoogleVoice only supports Gizmo.

TropoVoice is built on top of Tropo, it can be deployed onto any server because it is a Rails application. In the future
TropoVoice plans to support other backends such as FreeSwitch. On the client side, TropoVoice supports Android and will
support Flash phone.

To test the live application
Voice & Messaging: (415) 273-9939
Skype Voice: +99000936 9991430371
SIP Voice: sip:9991430371@sip.tropo.com
iNum: +883510001806091
IM: tropovoice@tropo.im
Twitter: @TropoVoice

Setup your development environment
Create a tropo app first and get your own phone numbers and IMs
Clone this project and start the rails server on your local machine
Highly recommend use rake tunnel:tunnel:start to reverse tunnel to your local machine for faster development.
Please don't use my tunnlr credential.

upon registering with your google account, fill in information of your tropo application such as voice #, skype #, etc.

go to phone_numbers and add a new phone number and make sure you check forward.  this is the number you want to forward
TropoVoice calls to.  Currently we can only forward to one number but hoping to remove this limitation soon.

Now go ahead and make some calls.

If you don't need voicemail function then you are done.  If you do need voicemail, then open voicemail_controllers and
replace aws information with your own.

______________________________________________

Update 5/6/2010:

TropoVoice for Google AppEngine source code now available at https://github.com/chrismatthieu/TropoVoice

Sudo gem install the following gems:
 
google-appengine
rails_dm_datastore
rails --version 2.3.5
json
dm-serializer
tropo-webapi-ruby
mislav-will_paginate
gdata
#jruby-openssl

To start working with GAE directly, you can pull this code down to your system from https://github.com/chrismatthieu/TropoVoice.  

If all goes well, you can run ./script/server.sh to run it local on your system and ./script/publish.sh to publish your update to GAE!

Once your application is running and you log in for the first time to create your profile account, click on the System Configuration link on your Profile page and enter your Voice and SMS Tokens from your Tropo account as well as the domain portion of URL where you will be running your instance of the application.  For instance, server URL is "http://myopenvoice.appspot.com".
